Add deploy button and fix instructions for AWS IoT Integration (#1436)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/develop/integrations/aws.md

![generate certs](/img/integrations/aws/04_create_cert.png)

> In order to authenticate with the service, you will first need to download the following files

Reviewer: "files:" (add colon)

Author: got it. thanks @andrewnhem

> 1. The thing's certificate

Reviewer: I haven't tried building locally, but will this list populate with the correct numbers @rahul-thakoor ?

Author: yes

For this project create a policy called `balena_control_policy`, and add the statement as shown below:

| Action       | iot:\* |
| ------------ | ------ |
| Resource ARN | \*     |
| Effect       | Allow  |

![create policy](/img/integrations/aws/07_add_policy.png)

> Go to \*_Secure -> Certificates_. Select the recently created certificate and attach both the thing and policy to it.

Reviewer 2: Not sure this change was intentional and results in a leading * - maybe some auto-formatting by the editor?

Author: yeah, I will fix. thanks @garethtdavies

## Flashing the Raspberry Pi and deploying code

### Using Python: MQTT Client example

> #### Set up the balenaCloud application

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Set up the {{ $names.cloud.lower }} application
```

> If you don’t have one already, [sign up for a balenaCloud account](https://dashboard.balena-cloud.com/signup).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you don’t have one already, [sign up for a {{ $names.cloud.lower }} account]({{ $links.dashboardUrl }}/signup).
```

> You can deploy this project to a new balenaCloud application in one click using the button below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can deploy this project to a new {{ $names.cloud.lower }} application in one click using the button below:
```

[![](https://balena.io/deploy.png)](https://dashboard.balena-cloud.com/deploy?repoUrl=https://github.com/balena-io-examples/balena-aws-iot-mqtt-example)

The application will be named `balena-aws-iot-mqtt-example` by default but you can change it to anything you like. Select a device type that matches your device (in this example we will create a project to run on a Raspberry Pi 3).

![add device](/img/integrations/aws/create_and_deploy.jpg)

Then click `Create and Deploy`. This will create an application with all of the code already deployed.

With the application created, click on **Add device** and select the latest recommended balenaOS version, choose the network connection you desire, setup its credentials and download the balenaOS to your computer.

![add device](/img/integrations/aws/11_create_application.gif)

#### Flash your device

> Use [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/) to flash your Raspberry Pi with the downloaded OS image from the previous section. Insert the SD card into your computer, select the balenaOS image file, select the SD Card and click Flash!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use [{{ $names.etcher.lower }}]({{ $links.etcherSiteUrl }}) to flash your Raspberry Pi with the downloaded OS image from the previous section. Insert the SD card into your computer, select the {{ $names.os.lower }} image file, select the SD Card and click Flash!
```

![etcher](/img/integrations/aws/12_etcher.png)

> After flashing is done, insert the SD card into your device and turn it on. After a few seconds, it should connect to the internet and show up on the balenaCloud dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After flashing is done, insert the SD card into your device and turn it on. After a few seconds, it should connect to the internet and show up on the {{ $names.cloud.lower }} dashboard.
```

### Shortcuts:

- [AWS IoT console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home)
- [AWS IoT Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/documentation/iot/)
- [AWS IoT API Reference](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/apireference/Welcome.html)
- [AWS SDK reference](https://aws.amazon.com/tools/#sdk), list of SDKs in all supported languages
- [AWS IoT MQTT Client](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home#/mqtt), useful for debugging AWS IoT communication

### Sample Apps

A few sample apps to get started:

> - [balena-aws-lambda]({{ $links.githubPlayground }}/balena-aws-lambda) and [balena-aws-device]({{ $links.githubPlayground }}/balena-aws-device)

Reviewer 3: I believe these should be moved from `-playground` to `-examples` and updated accordingly.

Author: yes, they have been moved. GitHub does the redirect automatically. should we change it here too?

Reviewer 3: I think that's best. I added the link stub here: https://github.com/balena-io/docs/pull/1445
